docs: fix node and react usage examples (#78)
asyncapi/cupid: README.md

const path = require('path');
const fs = require('fs');

async function getAsyncApiExamples() {
  const docs = [];
  const files = [

>     ..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ...
```

Usually for that are using three dots, not two 😅

import React from 'react';
import ReactFlow from 'react-flow-renderer';
import cupid from '@asyncapi/cupid';

> import {getAsyncApiExamples} from 'utils'; // function for reading AsyncAPI files 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import {getAsyncApiExamples} from './utils'; // function for reading AsyncAPI files 
```

in some Node version (in your case) `utils` indicates global path, located in folder where node is installed, so please change it to the local path.
